Problem Paragraph

One problem I ran into when completing this project was successfully linking the database to my website and ensuring the right variables linked up to the right input sections. For example, when running the website and trialling leaving a review it would come out as… 
name: Barbecue Bacon Burger, date: so delicious ten stars, item: 06/10/2024.
After countless trials, I was finally able to trace each section of the code back to understand what it was contributing. Doing this allowed me to identify the sections in need of fixing and attach them to the right variables, and therefore straighten out how the program worked as a whole.

Another issue I faced while making my website was I ran into a lot of formatting issues on my front page. To fix this I used div to separate things off that could work together and then proceeded to format all other components as separate items. This allowed me to position everything perfectly with higher accuracy while also shaving some time off by grouping things that required similar treatment and applying CSS to those together.

I also faced some issues when it came down to getting my Python to render my subpages. This was a real problem and infuriated me every time I added another page as I had to go through the same process. Similarly, when I asked it to redirect the user to another subpage after, for example submitting an order or review it would do a similar thing. I had all sorts of errors, from “This page does not exist” to random unknown errors I couldn't even decode the meaning of. After many long battles, I eventually managed to get it to behave through a lot of trial and error, along with some tweaking of each component I thought could be causing the issues. This way I could again identify what I had added that conflicted with how it was running. 

Lastly, one difficulty I faced while creating this was making sure it was aesthetically pleasing not only to my tastes but to the purpose of the website/company. One thing I was trying to control was the colour palate of my website, and ensuring it wasn’t interrupted, which I did face some issues with. The main one was the abundance of links (both unvisited and visited) my website contained, which of course are blue and purple which didn’t exactly fit my restaurant’s vibe. To overcome this I, (through some research) found a way to change this characteristic and have the text a colour of my choice. By doing this I was able to keep the flow of neutral colours relating to the atmosphere of my website.
Overall, I faced many challenges when completing this website however through a lot of time, effort, and trial and error I was able to improve it in so many ways and overcome challenges I never thought I would face.
